Food around Campus
This page serves as a quick reference guide for food around campus!
On-Campus
Georgia Tech has many food options on campus, some of which are listed below.
North Avenue & West Village Dining Halls
NAV and West Village serve a wide selection of food. Both halls feature pizza, hot food stations, and a salad bar. To check NAV's dining hall hours, including their special hours where they are open for 24 hours, click https://dining.gatech.edu/location/north-ave-dining-hall. To check West Village "Willage"'s dining hall hours, click https://dining.gatech.edu/location/west-village-dining-hall. These websites also feature the rotating menus of the two biggest dining areas on campus.
Student Center
The John Lewis Student Center features a wide variety of eateries that even span cuisines. The full list of places to eat at the Student Center is below. Everything at these locations can be purchased with dining dollars or credit cards.
5th District Eatery (salads & bowls)
Bento Sushi (Japanese)
Blue Donkey (Coffee & Breakfast)
Brain Freeze (Smoothies & Frozen Ice Creams)
Campus Crust (Pizza)
Chick-Fil-A (Chicken entrees)
Panda Express (Chinese)
Tech It To Go (To-go sandwiches & bottled drinks)
Test Kitchen (rotating menu)
The Pop Up* (rotating restaurants featured)
Twisted Taco (Mexican)
To check out any of the hours of the eateries at the student center in more detail, go to
John Lewis Student Center | Tech Diningdining.gatech.edu
*The Pop Up is the newest addition to the dining hall and is not always open.
Campus Retail
The campus retail locations are eateries located around campus. Everything at these locations can be purchased with dining dollars or credit cards.
Cluck N Mooh (Tech Tower area, burgers & coffee)
Dunkin' (on walkway from Student Center to CRC, wraps, coffee, and donuts)
Gold & Bold Coffee Roasters (Krone Engineered Bio-systems Building, coffee)
Jimmy John's (same location as Dunkin', sandwiches)
Kaldi's Coffee (CULC 2nd floor, coffee, & snacks)
Sideways Cafe by Blue Donkey (Georgia Tech Library, coffee & breakfast)
The Missing T ( late night mobile-order only, burgers & wings)
To check out any of the hours of the eateries around campus in more detail, go to
Campus Retail | Tech Diningdining.gatech.edu
Tech Square
Tech square is a bustling location for Georgia Tech students, guests, and staff. This is the area that the Scheller College of Business is located at, featuring many brand-name restaurants to satisfy cravings.
Gyro Bros. (Greek)
Moe's Southwest Grill (Southern-style Mexican)
Sankranti Indian Kitchen (Indian)
Buffalo Wild Wings (wings)
Waffle House (breakfast)
Ray's New York Pizza (pizza)
Tin Drum Asian Kitchen (Asian fusion)
Boho Taco (Mexican)
Subway (sandwiches)
Starbucks @ Georgia Tech Barnes & Noble (coffee, breakfast)
In order to check the hours of any of the above restaurants, type them into Google Maps and view the opening hours.
Midtown, West Midtown, & North of Campus
There are many delicious restaurants in midtown. In the list below, they have been arranged in the categories of Midtown, West Midtown, and North Campus.
Midtown
Rreal Tacos Midtown (Mexican)
The Halal Guys (Halal, Mediterranean)
The Varsity (Fast Food)
Taco Bell (Fast Food)
Which Wich (sandwiches)
Vinny's N.Y. Pizza & Grill (pizza)
Cafe Intermezzo (fine dining, Italian)
Nagomiya (Japanese)
26 Thai (fine dining, Thai)
Blue India (Indian)
Tabla (fine dining, Indian)
Sweet Hut Bakery (Boba, pastries)
West Midtown
Cheba Hut "Toasted" Subs (sandwiches)
Wingnuts (chicken wings)
Satto Thai & Sushi Bar (Thai, Japanese)
Al Dente (Italian)
Wok Chi Asian Kitchen (Chinese)
Virgil's Gullah Kitchen & Bar (Soul food)
bartaco (Mexican)
Food Terminal (Asian fusion)
Rreal Tacos West Midtown (Mexican)
Ding Tea (Boba)
North of Campus
Pizza Hut (pizza)
Rocky Mountain Pizza Company (pizza)
C.M. Korean Friend Chicken (chicken)
Moge Tee (Boba)
Papa John's Pizza (pizza)
Wagaya - Westside (14th street, Japanese)
Pelicana Chicken Atlanta (14th street, Korean chicken)
Antico Pizza Napoletana (Ethel St & Hemphill Ave, pizza)
In order to check the hours of any of the above restaurants, type them into Google Maps and view the opening hours.
PreviousHow to Survive GT AENextClubs and Organizations
Last updated 3 months ago
Was this helpful?